[Fix] Centreon login ignore insecure (#13740)
demisto/content: Packs/Centreon/ReleaseNotes/1_0_2.md

#### Integrations
##### Centreon

> - Fixed an issue where **login** ignored **Trust any certificate (not secure)** configuration.
> - Updated docker image from `2.7.18.20958` to `2.7.18.22912`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **Trust any certificate (not secure)** configuration was ignored.
- Updated the docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.
```
